# Template: Weekly Activity Reports
10-25-18
# Merryck's Weekly Activity Report - Thursday, October 25th, 2018
### Legend
 - [Objective](#objective)
 - [Work I Did](#work-i-did)
 - [Meetings](#meetings)
 - [Summary](#summary)
 - [Follow up](#follow-up)

### Big Three

- Read Nvidia Jetson TX2 data sheet

- NFC circuitry research as it applies to wireless charging

- C++ language review (language used for Nvidia)

### Objective

The overarching objective of the BOUS project is to develop a rover battery with dual charging capabilities: 1. wirelessly via NFC technology and 2. with regenerative energy as a backup.
 For the week, the current objective is to resolve our model and subsequent direction of the project.  This will allow a sufficient parts list to be compiled.  In addition, knowledge of the Nvidia Jetson TX2 and its primary language, C++, is being continually developed for the project. 

### Work I Did

Monday:  NFC, antenna, solenoid, and circuitry research.  C++ study on Lynda and with the MIT online lecture series.
Tuesday:  Nvidia Jetson TX2 SoM data sheet pages 1-40.
Wednesday:  Nvidia Jetson TX2 SoM data sheet pages 41-60.  C++ study on Lynda and with the MIT online lecture series.
In addition to specific tasks, spent Mon - Wed collaborating with other interns about the software/hardware we will be utilizing for the project.


### Meetings
  - Attended an intern meeting by David to discuss our presence in the workplace environment.
  
### Summary/Remarks:

- In summary, this week was spent gaining valuable knowledge of the project materials (i.e. software, hardware, direction).

- Primarily familiarized myself with the hardware for the Nvidia.

- Began working on the application of C++ to the software of the Nvidia Jetson.


### Follow up

- Next week the goal is to be able to program simple commands to the Nvidia as they apply to the project.
