# Template: Weekly Activity Reports
01-25-19
# Christina's Weekly Activity Report - Friday, January 25, 2019
### Legend
 - [Objective](#objective)
 - [Work I Did](#work-i-did)
 - [Meetings](#meetings)
 - [Summary](#summary)
 - [Follow up](#follow-up)

### Big Three

- Hao and John are developing two different algorithms in order to contrast performance. Hao is using an ML technique: 
Random Forest. John is exploring a signal processing approach. (https://jira.supermicro0.opswerx.org/browse/DS-7)

- A ML tool is not the final goal after all; instead a multi-layered approach is necessary.

- Seaglass could hold some answers.

### Objective

The over-arching objective is to find anomalies and outliers in the data that absolutely correspond to 
jamming and spoofing occurrences, and then determine a way to analyze real-time signals to determine if they 
have been compromised; and also be able to determine particular geographical areas where this kind of activity is
common. 

### Work I Did

Continued reading and reviewing information. 


### Meetings
  - Conference call @ 1500 EST on 1/25/19; Tracey, SJ, Christina, Hao, Shuang, and John attended. Tracey dicussed data origin,
  how it was compiled, labeled, etc.  This project requires a multi-level approach.  SJ and David suggested reviewing the
  SeaGlass City-Wide IMSI Catcher Detection project as it's similar in nature.

### Summary/Remarks:

- Dataset is imperfect, and we can only ask for more data once we've exhausted our resources and ingenuity.
Finding anomalies and outliers in an imperfect dataset presents a variety of obstacles. A multilayered approach 
to find subtle trends is the only option.

- A Machine Learning tool is not necessarily the goal, but just an approach used for testing the quality/credibility of output.  

- Could possibly consider recruiting an intern at some point with a grad degree/Phd in math to help develop an algorithm.


### Follow up

- Tracey will send an email to her space contact so Christina can learn about the finer details of how the signals/satellites,
etc works. 
- Hao and John will continue their approaches and assign Shuang with a task. 
- Everyone will review Seaglass and determine if there are components that can be applied to GAD.
