# Template: Weekly Activity Reports
11-08-18
# Ivy's Weekly Activity Report - Friday, Month Day, Year
### Legend
 - [Objective](#objective)
 - [Work I Did](#work-i-did)
 - [Meetings](#meetings)
 - [Summary](#summary)
 - [Follow up](#follow-up)

### Big Three

- KiCAD circuit design for FAM hose reel system and BOUS

- Provisional Build of Materials for BOUS

- Compared Nvidia power needs with the total system power consumption to optimize distribution (using math!)

### Objective

This week was for finalizing plan of action for CADed circuit and parts. Also to assist where necessary with FAM and SmartRail.

### Work I Did

I read documentation on wireless power transfer to streamline failsafe systems for charging, i.e., if the NFC charging is not implemented, 
and are unreachable, then rely on onboard regenerative power, plugged in as a separate circuit. I also put together a schematic for the hose 
reel on the FAM car so that it would have failsafes and mechanical switches in place. I'm not sure if it 
was super helpful, but that's what I did!
David Akers has also given me some notes on a new antenna design I will try to work on in the coming weeks.


### Meetings
  - 11/05 - SmartRail weekly call with David Akers, Brian Andrews, and Matt Colvin. The APKs seem to be working well and we have scheduled a 
  demonstration for 26 November for an inhouse run.

### Summary/Remarks:

- This week was spent checking on my teammates, and bouncing around diffrent projects, it was fun.

- The average radiative power is equivalent to the magnitude of current, but not the direction. This is also called a Poynting vector, I believe.

- I began to work on a python script to handle sensor data from a battery in that kind of system. I feel like this could be much fancier, 
but this is what I know


### Follow up

- Next week we need to have some hardware, and to start figuring out the software considerations in earnest. 
