# Template: Weekly Activity Reports
01-25-19
# Marcus' Weekly Activity Report - Friday, January 25, 2019
### Legend
 - [Objective](#objective)
 - [Work I Did](#work-i-did)
 - [Meetings](#meetings)
 - [Summary](#summary)
 - [Follow up](#follow-up)


### Objective

Accomplished the objectives Austin, Linh, and I were assigned. Moving forward, seeking to accomplish new objectives which include relieving Austin of issues in Jira and researching topics discussed by Mike. 

### Work I Did

- Built Skull Nuc from the ground up
- Mounted Skull Nuc's in several conference rooms
- Learned about neccessary applications and their settings such as Belvedere
- Perfomed cable management for a desk in the Head Shed
- Used terminal to add an intern as a user and a member of the sudo group in Linux
- Helped intern install Docker and run first Docker image
- Organized cables behind TV in Marathon


### Meetings
  - Round Up (Every Friday)

### Summary/Remarks:

This past week, I have continued to learn more about the technology that is used at SOFWERX. I had the opportunity to finally use SAVI and complete tasks with it. I have also learned more about the different backup procedures that are used. For example, the desktops for the Skull Nuc's are set to be wiped every week via the application Belevedere. All items wiped from this screen is sent to a folder in One Drive made for that specific Skull Nuc. 

### Follow up

Being that Austin is leaving in the upcoming week, I need to relieve Austin of issues in Jira that I feel I am capable of completing. If the bins ordered by Mike arrive, this will also be another objective to coomplete.
