03-29-2019
# Michael's Weekly Activity Report - Friday, March 29, 2019
### Legend
 - [Objective](#objective)
 - [Work I Did](#work-i-did)
 - [Meetings](#meetings)
 - [Summary](#summary)
 - [Follow up](#follow-up)

### Big Three

- Finished PizzaKucha

- Finished Flight log plots

- Found out how to connect IMU to main controller board

### Objective

Have PizzaKucha finished and connect IMU to controller board

### Work I Did

Created the 20 slides needed for the presentation. Used MATLAB to plot the flight log data; this data still needs to be FFT to analyze the known frequency response of the plant, i.e. drone. After talking with Mujahid, realized we do have an open serial port on the MEGA (controller board), and this means communication is possible from the IMU to UNO to MEGA.


### Meetings

  - Spoke with Mujahid. He believes it is pinnacle to have the IMU data be processed on the same clock as the controller. This could possible be the reason there is 400 ms of unaccounted for delay.


### Summary/Remarks:

-Connecting IMU data to main board: I2C would have been preferred because then the IMU could be directly processed on the controller, however the serial connection from the UNO to MEGA should be fine for analyzing the data.
- The yaw vs desired yaw in the plots is discerning. All other plots looked good and showed good tracking.   


### Follow up

- Use FFT on data from flight logs to create a frequency response of the drone 'Plant'. Practice PizzaKucha and get a script for 20s per slide. 
