# Linh's Weekly Activity Report - Friday, Jan 11, 2019
### Legend
 - [Objective](#objective)
 - [Work I Did](#work-i-did)
 - [Meetings](#meetings)
 - [Summary](#summary)
 - [Follow up](#follow-up)

### Big Three

- First significant accomplishment [Jira Ticket Number](URL to the Jira ticket number "Name of the Jira Ticket")

- Second significant accomplishment [Jira Ticket Number](URL to the Jira ticket number "Name of the Jira Ticket")

- Third significant accomplishment [Jira Ticket Number](URL to the Jira ticket number "Name of the Jira Ticket")

### Objective

- Familiarize with github.
- Learned the ropes with printers and their corresponding networks.
- Get started with Admin classes on Office 365. 
- Touch on JIRA.


### Work I Did

- Helped create master file for new Github users.
- Created employee timesheet and added work schedule to Outlook Calender (and remembering steps to repeat for fellow interns). 
- Walked the building and got introduced to soundbars and technicalities of SAVI. 
- Organized Mike's closet to some degree and plotted a closet upgrade to better cable management and save space. 
- Created a Calendar Group consisting of me and Marcus for Mike to fully set schedules in stone for the upcoming semester. 


### Meetings
  - N/A

### Summary/Remarks:

- SOFWERX operates on 4 networks: BRange, Staff, Guest, Data
- 192.168 ... 
    - Guest: 16.xx
    - Staff: 12.xx
    - Data: 1.xx
    - BRange: 0.xx
- Got closet and shelf measurements to plan for closet renovation with Marcus next week. 


### Follow up

- Become a pro with Github
- Familiarize further with Office 365 Admin
- Maybe go to IKEA to further do research on what commercial bins to use as storage for proper cable management and storage. 
- Touch on JIRA's ticketing system
